Apple's streaming platform is losing a reported $1 billion a year as separate data showed a recent uptick in the number of users canceling their subscription plans.

This week on Yahoo Finance Sports Report, host Joe Pompliano takes a look at some of this week’s biggest headlines in the sports business world that you and your portfolio need to know. From March Madness finals, to the Premiere League’s switch from Nike (NKE) to Puma (PUM.DE), Apple (AAPL) renewing it's hit TV show Ted Lasso for a fourth season, and so much more, there are a lot of key money moves shaping the sports industry. WME Sports Agent Zack Miller also stops by the show to discuss all things WNBA and the skyrocketing growth of women’s basketball. Yahoo Finance Sports Report with Joe Pompliano, a vodcast brought to you by Yahoo Finance and Yahoo Sports, looks beyond the latest sports business headlines, analyzes all the need-to-know news - the teams, trades, and billion dollar deals - so you and your portfolio will win BIG. Yahoo Finance Sports Report is developed and produced by Lauren Pokedoff.

Seasonality trends indicate that March could turn bullish, especially now that volatility is subsiding.&nbsp; Yahoo Finance Markets and Data Editor and Stocks in Translation host Jared Blikre compares historical seasonal trends in the S&P 500 (^GSPC), Volatility Index (^VIX), and Apple stock (AAPL) to illustrate the tailwinds that are starting to emerge. Twice a week, Stocks In Translation cuts through the market mayhem, noisy numbers and hyperbole to give you the information you need to make the right trade for your portfolio. You can find more episodes here, or watch on your favorite streaming service. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts&nbsp;here.

Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon.com, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2024 with solid gains. Through the first two months of 2025, however, performance for these mega-cap stocks has been mostly negative thus far.

Tech stocks dropped Thursday afternoon with the Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLK) decreasing

Apple Inc.&nbsp;is undergoing a rare shake-up of its executive ranks to help turn around its AI efforts and the Siri virtual assistant. Apple wants to get AI back on track after months of delays and stumbles. Mark Gurman reports.

We recently published a list of 10 Best Computer Hardware Stocks to Buy According to Billionaires. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against other best computer hardware stocks to buy according to billionaires. Forrester Research published an interesting report in August 2014 titled Hardware Is Dead; […]

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang, the AI company's founder, reportedly said that "several hundred billion" dollars will be spent in the next four years on U.S. production.

Investing.com -- Apple is set looking to tap Vision Pro creator Mike Rockwell to turn around Siri virtual assistance as confidence in AI head John Giannandrea's ability to execute on product development wanes, Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources.

Some AI improvements to voice assistant Siri will be delayed until 2026, Apple had said earlier this month without giving any reason for the delays.  Mike Rockwell, vice president in charge of the Vision Products Group, will now be in charge of the iPhone maker's Siri virtual assistant as CEO Tim Cook has lost confidence in AI head John Giannandrea's ability to execute on product development, the report said.  Rockwell, known as the brain behind Apple's Vision Pro headset, will report to software chief Craig Federighi, removing Siri completely from Giannandrea's command, according to Bloomberg.